feat(did): serve did:web document + document aud/proxying resolution (#27, #29) (#37)
pheuberger/atproto-group-gate: docs/integration-guide.md

- `ownerDid` — the DID of the user who will own this group. Must match the JWT's `iss` claim. They're immediately seeded as the owner.
- `email` — optional recovery email for the group account. If omitted, a placeholder is generated. Providing a real email enables the forgot-password flow for credible exit.

> Registration (and import, below) are **service-scoped** calls — they target the service itself (`aud` = the service DID), not a group. This guide invokes them **non-proxied** (the client calls the group service directly), which is the simplest way; the per-group calls in later steps go through the proxy agent instead.

Author: ```suggestion
Registration (and import, below) are **service-scoped** calls — they target the service itself (`aud` = the service DID), not an existing group. This guide invokes them **non-proxied** (the client calls the group service directly), which is the simplest way; the per-group calls in later steps go through the proxy agent instead.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion verbatim in 9179a34 ("not an existing group").
